# sales-prediction

A very important area to focus on has always been sales forecasting. To maintain the effectiveness of the marketing organisations, all vendors now need to forecast in an effective and optimal manner. Manually performing this work could result in grave mistakes that would result in bad management of the organisation, and most significantly, it would take time, which is not desired in today's time-constrained world. The business sectors, who are actually expected to generate enough goods in the right amounts to satisfy demand, are a significant component of the global economy. 

The primary objective of business sectors is market audience targeting. It is crucial that the business has been successful in achieving this goal by utilising a forecasting system. In order to make predictions, it is necessary to analyse data from a variety of sources, including market trends, customer behaviour, and other elements. The companies would benefit from this analysis by having better financial resource management. The forecasting method can be used for a variety of things, such as estimating future demand for the product or service and estimating how much of the product will be sold in a specific time frame.

Here, machine learning has a lot of potential for use. In the field of machine learning, computers are able to execute some jobs better than people. They are employed to carry out specific tasks in a methodical manner and produce improved outcomes for the advancement of the modern civilization. The foundation of machine learning is mathematics, which may be used to design various paradigms that are close to the ideal output. Machine learning has been shown to be beneficial in the instance of sales forecasting. It aids in more precise forecasting of upcoming sales. We have taken four different sets of datasets and have implied different algorithms of classification and regression.
